Larry Alder
Larry Alder has been a Product Manager at Google since Sept 2005 focused on Google's mission of making information "Universally Accessible".  In that spirit, Larry works on Google's Municipal Wifi activities including the Free Municipal Wifi network providing coverage to the entire city of Mountain View and Google/Earthlink's proposal for San Francisco.  Prior to joining Google, Larry spent 10 years at ArrayComm in roles that include VP of Technology Development and VP of Product Management. Larry spent two years leading the technology development group for the iBurst portable broadband wireless division.    Prior to joining ArrayComm, Larry received his PhD from Stanford University in the specialty of Control Theory, and spent three years as a Senior Control Systems Engineer at Adept Technology.

Jeremy Allaire
Jeremy is founder and President of Brightcove.  He started Brightcove with a vision of transforming television on the Internet.  Prior to Brightcove, Jeremy worked as a technologist and entrepreneur-in-residence for the venture capital firm General Catalyst, where he worked on companies and investments in broadband media, mobile content, e-commerce software and digital identity. Before General Catalyst, Jeremy was CTO of Macromedia, where he helped define and launch the Macromedia MX platform. Jeremy joined Macromedia with its merger with Allaire Corporation, where Jeremy was a co-founder and CTO. Founded in 1995, Allaire Corporation was a pioneer in using the web as an application platform, and its industry leading and award winning products power millions of websites, online services and business applications on the Internet.

Dalton Caldwell
As a founder, CEO and VP of engineering at imeem, Dalton Caldwell drives the company's technical operations and core engineering.  After recognizing the power and pervasiveness of Instant Messaging while writing his thesis at Stanford University, Dalton teamed with Jan Jannink in 2003 to build a social application around IM - the idea that would become imeem.  Prior to founding imeem, Dalton worked on the Source Forge project at VA Linux and helped develop open-source IM for Jabber.  Dalton holds dual degrees in Psychology and Symbolic Systems at Stanford University.

Seth Goldstein
Seth Goldstein is founder and CEO of ROOT Markets. In 2002, he founded Majestic Research, the leading data-driven, independent research firm on Wall Street. In 1995, he founded SiteSpecific, one of the first Internet advertising agencies. Prior to Majestic, Goldstein was the first Entrepreneur in Residence at Flatiron Partners/JP Morgan Partners, a New York based technology venture capital firm. Since 1999, he has been a director and member of the Audit Committee for Valassis (VCI), a marketing services firm ranked by Fortune magazine as one of the best companies to work for in America.  Goldstein is an investor and advisor to early-stage companies (including del.icio.us) and recently completed a blog series on Media Futures (http://majestic.typepad.com) which will be released as a book in 2006.


Robert Levitan
Robert Levitan is currently CEO of Pando Networks, a NYC-based company developing media distribution software. Pando allows consumers to bypass email attachment limits to send any size file to anyone.  Prior to founding Pando Networks, Levitan co-founded iVillage, the community Web site for women recently acquired by NBC/Universal, and Flooz.com, an online gift currency and corporate rewards company.  Levitan has served as a strategic advisor for many companies including for Oddpost and AOL. In addition, he has helped Pearson LLC launch a television series in China and AT&T Wireless set up its Internet operating division. Advertising Age named Levitan a "Digital Media Master." Levitan serves on the Board of Directors of Mobius Management Systems and the Executive Council of New York.

Kim Polese
Kim Polese was named CEO of SpikeSource in 2004. Kim co-founded Marimba in 1996, and as President and CEO she led the company through a successful public offering and to profitability, after which she served as Chairman until Marimba's acquisition by BMC Software. Before co-founding Marimba, Kim worked at Sun Microsystems and was the original product manager for Java, leading its launch in 1995.  Kim earned a Bachelor's degree in Biophysics from U.C. Berkeley and studied Computer Science at the University of Washington, Seattle. Kim also serves on the executive council of TechNet and on the board of the Global Security Institute and the University of California President's Board on Science and Innovation. She is a Fellow at Carnegie Mellon University's Center for Engineered Innovation.

Kapenda Thomas
Before founding Jookster Networks, Kapenda founded N3 Technologies to develop emerging technologies in the area of web collaboration and knowledge management. Prior to N3, Kapenda was responsible for Media Syndicator, the first product released from Loudeye Technologies, where he was Lead Software Architect.  Previous to Loudeye, Kapenda worked with the Web Based Enterprise Management team at Microsoft, developing proprietary tools and applications for performance in Microsoft's COM+ Services.  Kapenda holds a patent in the area of Digital Media Syndication and Distribution as well as several patents pending in the area of Search and Information Retrieval.

